listen the independent film loose
doesn't come out until next month
along with a bunch of other insanely
good films that we covered in this video
right here but
in the meantime everyone's been talking
about movies like it's the 90s
disney's decided to take the phrase the
circle of life a little too seriously
and is bringing back every single one of
their animations including their biggest
one
of all time we're talking about a
cartoon that almost made a billion
dollars in the 90s and i think
this is without inflation it included
oscar winners so some call it an
animation
it's considered to have the most home
video sales of all time
like you can own this bad boy in any
format from 4k
blu-ray dvd vh laser disc
the only thing this didn't come out for
was the psp they then had follow-ups
a broadway play that's still building up
its streak of being one of the longest
running shows
internationally and has made 8 billion
dollars
we haven't even touched on the merch
which is always like 10 times that so
it's safe to say that it's a cultural
phenomenon with parents still lifting up
their kids like this
and even though it's this timeless
classic story that's been revived so
many times
this is the one that's got people riled
up the fully live action yet at the same
time completely cgi remake that was
shot for shot there's a lot of things
that look good in in
in 2d animation but when you try to make
it look really you have to use tricks to
get around it
yeah don't say did it look like a
national geographic ad with a famous
disney cover band over it yes
but i thought it was hysterical there's
a whole conversation happening right now
about people shaming other people for
what watching a movie which is dumb to
me i thought the movie was goofy but i
don't think it's lazy
they created this brand new technology
to be able to actually have the
camera shoot within that world at one
point they
put some sort of virtual reality helmet
on me you know i still don't know why at
one point i have no idea why
disney has your brain there to keep the
human touch
the photography wasn't computerized the
cameraman operated
a real camera linked to the virtual
reality program
but at the same time it's one of those
things where it's so realistic and they
achieved it
then they wanted them to do things that
weren't realistic it's like they created
the best pie for a competition
and then submitted it to a chili
competition instead like what
yeah it doesn't have the same emotions
as the 1994 one but hey
that's why i got the 1994 one so the
best way to describe this new one and
what it does right how it goofed and
pretty much just the story of the lion
king is by using the original
as a guideline but let me explain
[Music]
so the big pitch for the original lion
king back in the day was that it was
supposed to be disney's first original
story
of course there are some excellent
videos that go into interesting
connections that are too close for
comfort overseas that you can check out
right here but
i'm just laughing at calling it original
and then the special features for the
original movie
names countless influences before i came
aboard it was described as
bambi in africa with hamlet thrown in so
bamblet
something like ben hur or you know moses
old testament tales like joseph like
moses the idea of a character like
joseph
oh here's uh we started seeing the
hamlet parallels here they're told in a
way that
doesn't evoke moses when the audience
sees it well if moses
saw the burning bush and got wisdom from
it why can't simba see the burning bush
in the form of mufasa his father and get
an inspirational message from that
in the same manner it reminded me of the
new one and how that kept being pitched
as
live action this whole movie is cgi
except for one
scene in the movie one shot one shot in
the movie one shot
you got the vegetarian yeah the
vegetarian nut
there was a little bit of bacon even
crazier was that john favreau who did
the jungle book remake
actually wanted to do the sequel to the
jungle book yes there's a sequel
and shoot the lion king remake back to
back but disney told them whoa whoa whoa
and told him no since they wanted all of
their attention to be on the lion king
because that was the movie they had
complete faith in
ironically the opposite was true for the
animation lion king was supposed to be
a movie that no one cared about new
project it's kind of
bambi and africa that is the dumbest
story i've ever heard in my life
we are not going to make that aren't we
and and throughout lion king
um uh there were numbers of people that
wanted to get off the movie and get on
to pocahontas
uh because that was perceived as that
was going to be the great movie and we
were the b
team it was the b picture it was sort of
the the one that
the a players weren't working on further
proof was that they were even gonna call
the animated one king of the jungle like
legit that was the name they were going
for
until they realized lions don't live in
the jungle then then you and sort of
infuse that with a rag tag feeling like
okay
okay so what if we're the b team we're
just going to rally and do it do a great
job we'll show them
one of the things that people don't know
about the lion king was that it was not
actually anticipated to be a musical
it was in a sense like a national
geographic special that would be
animated
clearly that's what they were going for
with the 2019 version but can you
imagine if we didn't have
hans in his little leather jacket
helming the music for the original
if we didn't have elton without this man
who brought us the most iconic lyrics
most of us sing but don't even know what
it means
[Music]
man i don't care if you watch the
original broadway or the new one
they always kill it with the title
opening every time
now i felt people always resonated with
the movie in two ways either with the
sibling rivalry
or the site dealing with fathers and
responsibilities on the sibling side
this thing is probably up there with
kane and abel
the character of mufasa is so iconic
they couldn't even recast the voice for
the remake they just kept james earl
jones
yeah he wanted to know as a director if
i had any i didn't know what to say you
know i was like
no just say it because even just you
talking to me about it
sounds like mufasa i mean they even got
them back for darth vader this just goes
to prove the old show business adage
everyone is replaceable except james
earl jones
scar did get replaced and it's not that
you will tell edgar is a bad actor
because he's not he's great i love that
man they even added some more backstory
to his version of scar but
the original scar was drawn based off
jeremy irons
and jeremy irons had just won the
academy award and while
people thought he was joining a stupid
cartoon movie this man took it so
seriously he went all out that he even
blew his voice while they were recording
this
song between the original broadway and
the computer animator live action one
we've seen differences that were
actually scrapped ideas that they had
since the beginning so it's cool that
the more interpretations of this movie
or this story that we have
those get to sneak in like scar having
actually fought mufasa for the crown
baku style before losing before the
movie even starts
sometimes nala runs away to hunter food
and finds simba other times it's because
scar
tried making a passater and she dipped
in some versions scar is flamboyant and
over the top to the point of
literally invoking nazi germany with a
squad other times he's so stone-cold
no emotion from any of them he's such an
outcast that he sides with the hyenas
instead of his
own pack and just like with irons they
gave whoopi's hyena dreads
cheech got his eyebrows jim cummings who
is a legendary voice actor voice the
third one doesn't even say a word
yet he clearly inspired a list of
upcoming animated characters
and since he's a voice legend he was
actually the one who helped with scar's
lines
after irons blew out his voice in the
new one it's
literally key and eric andre screwing
around would you two cubs like to stay
for dinner
[Laughter]
great idea
in every incarnation that sibling
rivalry tenses up to the point of scar
pulling this the king
it's the most iconic scene in the movie
uh well second okana matata
third to circle of life i mean there's a
lot of iconic shots in this movie but
this one in particular took
three years to animate a two and a half
minutes stampede
took three years the mufasa v scar
interaction in the new one
is goofy as whenever they have the lions
talking but for
anyone who saw it in true imax not that
widescreen but the format where it
opened up all the way to the top and the
bottom
yeah that blew me away i know we're
supposed to be boycotting this movie as
if they're gonna stop production on
mulan or something but i swore
it looked like i was at disney writing
the soaring ride
i thought there was an actual wildebeest
in the theater getting to his seat
that said to this day the scene is dark
you know in 1994
parents were more upset than parents
were with bambi thinking it was going to
traumatize their children who couldn't
grasp the circle of life
and now we have all our heroes dying in
front of us that we've known for a
decade
man i only knew mufasa for 20 minutes
but while one is a tale of sibling
rivalry set in revenge
simba's is that of a prodigal son
learning his purpose
and responsibilities ow jeez
what was that for it doesn't matter it's
in the past
yeah but it still hurts oh yes the past
can't
hurt but the way i see it you can either
run from it
or learn from it ah
you see so what are you going to do they
talk about how there's a guilt and
symbol with all of his daddy issues you
know there's that legend he never lived
up to the
guilt of feeling like he died and it was
his fault and at first i was like
yeah but symbol is kind of like a brat
you can't do anything to me
technically they can we are on their lap
but zazu
you told me they're nothing but
slobbering mangy stupid bulger
hey did we order this dinner to go no
why
because there it goes honestly this kid
is so annoying when you first see the
movie it felt like his nepotism was
never going to leave him satisfied
and this will all be mine everything
everything the light touches
what about that shadowing place she's
like
10 000 square feet not enough later on
he gets reminded that
he's got the right to be the king and
she just pulls a jon snow
he's not the king are you no
simba no i'm not the king maybe i was
gonna be but
that was a long time ago i don't want it
that said i love how the story
approaches him as being lost you know
and that's the beauty of it
that he still has the courage of his
father in him it just took this prodigal
approach to get there
but being a leader was always in him i
mean early on we see simba go back for
his girls
[Music]
nala from that day forward was devoted
to him
something the new movie cuts out for
some reason but having simba fear
responsible for his dad's death
as orchestrated by his uncle is nasty
it's like the original hereditary they
straight up after the stampede
leaves simba there with his dead father
for what feels like
hours he's sleeping underneath his dead
dad's corpse when his uncle appears from
behind him
and blames it on him oh you thought kylo
had a bad uncle
scar could have easily let the hyenas
kill simba but nah
he wanted simba to die knowing that he
was responsible for his father's death
the manipulation cold as can be
and it's very simple it's my point of
view because my dad dropped dead when i
was six
and i had nobody to talk to about it
so that it's a very personal sort of
thing
i lost my dad while making this so like
i came
back and redid some of the lines after
that happened because i was like oh i
i get it more you know so like it felt
it was very it was very personal thing
so it felt really good to be able to do
that makes it deeper for me pause
simba obviously gets away and gets found
by timon and pumbaa who
no i i thought jontron was like nathan
lane's brother
or something because he sounded so much
like timon and i'm glad i'm not the only
one who saw that
fool me once i'm mad fool me twice
how could you if only three times you're
officially that guy okay you know you
know the one
however imagine telling your friend who
you just met right
no worries after their father's brutal
death
they just sing along to it he then grows
up with these strangers and has a rough
time with puberty
and i'll actually give the new one
credit for making a joke about them
singing the song for years since they
went through a montage
i also love how it's technically a frat
song these these guys are singing the
song
but as naked doing nothing it's saturday
every day for the boys
they're staring at the stars with the
boys they are complete stoners
and that's practically confirmed in the
new one
and here's the thing i don't think billy
and seth are bad in the new one they
just you know they don't hold a candle
to the originals and that's
maybe because i can't take some of the
stuff seriously like i don't
does this not scare anyone this was the
point where i just completely checked
out
i caught these at the store and i don't
know who would be buying this for their
child
they look like charlie's taxidermy dolls
made out of dead animals from hereditary
every time they talk it look like cats
and dogs i thought we were in the same
universe as mr ed
anytime they had them repeat the old
lines it just felt like karaoke for me
but
i did love whenever they ad-libbed
that's my background whether it was
elf or iron man with robert yeah junior
i've always loved improvisation things
that could bring a little bit of life to
it and i love to spend all that time
meticulously going through every daily
we actually acted it out
uh in like a a rehearsal theater space
and recorded their voices so that what
you're seeing is a much more natural
improvisational they're moving around
they're not standing right in front of a
microphone right
some were great like to be our guest bit
but then they took the fun fact of puba
being the first cartoon to ever fart in
a movie
and um well he just like released a
whoopee cushion with him here but
honestly
if you've never heard of billy eichner
before watch him in these two things
because
he actually really is hilarious sweetie
don't babe me okay it's la la land a lot
of oscar buzz
could be emma stones here four kids i'm
not watching tv but
sweetheart okay it has oscar buzz and i
saw emma stone do a q
a all right
i don't know who you're trying to sass
for a [ __ ] camera but you got the
right [ __ ] to put you in a wrong
[ __ ]
place moving on to one of the biggest
scenes i get reminded of how like tony
got to talk to his father one last time
to get the encouragement he needed
there's that scene in black panther
where he does it also also check out
couch tomato who proves that black
panther and lion king are the same movie
but lion king is the og of this and i
love how the special features talk about
how he wasn't actually speaking to his
father
it's supposed to elude how they're just
always there for us no matter
what you can believe in it or you cannot
believe in the afterlife but your
ancestors have always left a legacy
and so when simba sees his uncle pimp
smack his mom
he pulls up and whoops them scar gives
the cliche villain speech when he has
the upper hand not realizing he should
talk less smile more and so simba gets
the strength of a thousand mothers after
he hears scars confession
that baboon comes in fighting like dany
from the wild thornberries
scar chickens out and throws the hyenas
under the bus like the punky is as we
get this final
rocky fight and simba dragos him
if he dies he does imagine
imagine your acquaintances you know
people you were friends with
eating you but she wants to eat him and
everybody's okay with this did i miss
something
exactly timon overall this is a timeless
story
i personally don't understand shaming
families for seeing a movie that's
based off of a classic it's not like
you'll watch the re-releases
your vhs won't disappear regardless of
how much you hate the new one
it's funny how many people don't
actually know how the industry works
they've never actually talked to a
producer
they're not going to stop production on
mulan or the little mermaid just because
you know how to spell
a24 yeah you do vote with your money but
disney has made these remakes inevitable
like he stated this way back when that
he wanted these
so instead of overly tweeting your hate
for a big blockbuster that ironically
you're
giving more attention to talk more about
those indies
maybe use that major blockbuster that
has a lot of eyes on it
to promote other films people don't have
eyes on
know that studios make multiple deal
plans and that includes blockbusters and
indies
those same people funding the
blockbusters that they get a profit out
of
sometimes that's what helps fund those
indies that make no money at the box
office
it's not lazy to produce thousands of
jobs if people
have claimed sure they use a beloved
franchise as a demo reel for this
technology
and i get why people hate it i really do
but in five years time
when that technology that was only
possible to be funded through this major
studio
when that ends up creating something
truly magical then it'll be worth it
so it's kind of like the people who
thought talkies were going to be the end
of cinema oh my god
it's like the people who thought there
were too many westerns back in the day
and they were never going to go away
the people who complain about three
superhero movies in a year
as if 1500 other films don't come out
sometimes it just makes me question if
some of these people have actually seen
the movie
because you don't have to like
everything that comes out but it's
almost like you guys have forgotten
that that's the circle of life in
hollywood
that said i'm gonna be real pissed if
they do a live action mickey mouse
thank you guys for checking out this
video i'm kris know your thoughts down
below in the comments section are you
ruining cinema
are you a person who only puts 10 movies
over on letterbox but then one movie
comes out and you think you're superior
than everyone else
let me know down below in the comment
section did you hate the movie that's
fine did you like the movie you want to
go see with your family
that's also good again to me the
original is a combo price easily
this new one i caught it in theaters and
i do like what they do with the
technology
uh holy smokes is it goofy some people
went in there like actually mad it
wasn't like the originals like
have we ever gone to a remake expecting
the original that's why we have the
original yo i went into this one
um uh with the intention of laughing my
butt off i'll just say that and i
thought it was hilarious
that said some interesting notes that i
have here as i like to do in the outros
do you know the original is just female
lions
i don't know how that works they also uh
didn't put whiskers like they couldn't
afford to do that it was too much so
it's practically like png whiskers and
all of the male lions and then
the female lions didn't even get any
zuzu doesn't even talk during a scene
which i thought was hilarious i
know if they were going to animate the
mouth or not for the new one but there
is a cool parallel alina noted
everyone knows that uh the sex easter
egg that really was supposed to be a
shout out to the
sound effects the the special effects
crew alina noted that in the new one
they have a bunch of animals all form
into letters so
maybe that's a funny callback uh but
again it's just one of those movies
where
i get its purpose even if it doesn't
deliver the emotion that the original
had and
you know some scenes draw me out others
might have well stayed as a cartoon to
me but
yeah that's just my opinion and i'm
curious to know your thoughts down below
what movies you
are interested for again uh check out
loose
check out peanut butter falcon check out
the farewell
and anything else out there that's in
your theater because there are a lot of
good movies
out there and i don't understand why
people always complaining about
blockbusters
like missing the other movies that are
already there even on netflix i think
i'll leave your house but other than
that in case you know your thoughts
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe before they release a
live-action brother bear